inflation cannot be stopped and in this
video I'm going to tell you why if you
look at what has happened just recently
over the past couple of years you have
noticed one very consistent Trend and
that is quite frankly that they are
unwilling to acknowledge the truth but
if you don't know the truth if you put
your head in the sand you're never going
to be able to actually Thrive and
prosper so that's what we'll talk about
today we're going to look at the reality
of the situation and what you can do
about it without some sort of
catastrophic event you're not going to
be able to get inflation to come down to
normal levels they can say that the
inflation rate is one thing or another
but let's be honest look at real estate
we'll talk about that today at record
levels look at oil prices look at food
prices nothing seems to go down and
while we could have fluctuations over
the longer term our currency is being
devalued and that's the key it's the
currency it's self that's losing value a
bar of gold is always one bar of gold
didn't get any better didn't get any
worse but you have the consistent loss
of purchasing power of our Fiat
currencies and that's why it's important
to take those Fiat currencies and
convert them into something real make
that currency move that's the key people
need to realize that you've got to make
that currency move it right when you
look at home prices and cars and
services and food all these things are
up and if you're not keeping up with it
well then you will fall behind demand
Destruction has yet to take hold I know
they said okay you know interest rates
are going to go high that's going to
create demand destruction hasn't
happened at least not yet we can see it
in some areas but not as significant as
we were told that this would be at these
current rates so I'm going to take you
through right now where we're going to
look at all of these different prices
and things that have gone up and I want
to talk about a few individuals Big Time
individuals and what they had to say
about interest rates getting much higher
here we go you can look at it Jamie
demon warns that the FED could still
raise interest rates sharply from here
now this is coming from one individual
of course you could take it from what it
is I think it's important not to believe
everything he says there's going to be
an agenda behind it but he is correct in
that there could still be some more and
he's not the only one you see it's not
just JP Morgan that we should be paying
attention to what about Neil kashgari at
the FED sees a 40 chance of meaningfully
higher interest rates
interesting you don't hear that every
day right no there's kishkari you knew
him from the financial crisis he's said
a lot of interesting things along the
way the case supporting the scenario is
that the most of the disinflationary
gains we have observed to date have been
due to supply side factors such as
workers re-entering the labor force and
Supply chains revolving resolving rather
than monetary policy restrained demand
policy has tightened a lot is it enough
ah okay and so they suggest that you
know maybe that is not the case right
the how tight is the policy right now if
policy were truly tight would we observe
such robust activity and so we can
expect based on what he's saying that
they're not done yet they've got to hike
another time in this year and maybe that
means even next year too I don't know
I really don't but I can tell you that
when we see these things of higher
interest rates it does have a material
impact on you the individual why well
not just your credit card borrowing and
of course your mortgages and so on but
the companies that you work for are
somehow tied to debt whether it's the
building that's currently being leased
owed and maybe mortgaged off it's the
same thing with the big corporations and
how they take on debt on an extreme
scale believe me this is happening when
they're purchasing equipment they may do
that with debt as well they may be
funding their expansion on debt that is
the tool that they're using in basically
every case it's not cash not like you
and I we would want to buy something
okay do I have enough in my bank account
yes no no that's not how they work it's
a matter of hey how much debt can we
borrow the big big corporations they use
the corporate debt Market all right just
like the government can just issue some
debt the big corporations can do the
same thing and they have investors that
are willing to buy it up nobody wants to
buy your debt nobody wants to buy my
debt but they'll do that with the
corporations and they will do that of
course with the country as a whole and
that just shows us that death is the
name of the game but when that becomes
too expensive you start to throw off
this easy money policy that they've been
used to and you have ramifications and
we are seeing some of that today look at
this Australian inflation quickens
keeping rate hike and play my friends in
Australia I know I have those in
Australia and New Zealand and these
places here we are seeing after years
and years of house price increases the
inflation finally has shown its itself
in the statistics and here we go people
can't pay their bills it's a simple
matter of fact and you've got the you
know the problems that have been going
on for a while inflation is a very
devastating tool that's being used
against us home prices in the US hit
record high erasing the recent Decline
and you could look at that in the green
line there showing us the U.S national
home price index going up again and
beating its previous high after a slight
decline I know there's a lot of people
talking about how the prices of homes
will be declining significantly and as a
result you are going to have discounts
so just ready and wait just subscribe
and then you're going to know exactly
when the prices crash and I'll tell you
everything you need to know I don't know
what kind of services those people are
trying to sell you but it doesn't happen
like that okay you need a catastrophe to
bring these down because they have
enabled with the easy monetary policies
for such a long time and of course the
massive risk taking they have enabled
this to go on and they're not building
enough that's very clear in most cities
there's only so much look at how they
restrict the building they do zoning in
certain areas no no you can't have that
many homes even though they need it but
that's what they do and this is the way
that they can of course
make these things unaffordable for the
middle class that is very important okay
for those controlling everybody else you
want unaffordability because when people
are struggling then they can't uh rise
up as I record this video we're looking
at the price of oil at 91 dollars a
barrel for WTI coming closer and closer
and closer to a hundred dollars a barrel
all right unbelievable when I when I see
this I mean just look you could see oil
could hit a hundred and fifty dollars
sending shock through the system this is
according to the top Shale CEO I don't
know exactly where it will get to but
according to the poll that I did my
subscribers believe not only is a
hundred dollars possible we're very
close but 150 is close is potential as
well and so that means that you're going
to have gasoline prices at the record
high they have ever been I mean means
Transportation costs will be the highest
they've ever been that means people
can't go where they need to go so that
means a slower economy yes that could
slow things down but does it mean your
house price is going to crash does that
mean your stock prices are going to
crash not necessarily okay you got to
understand that there's always going to
be a supply and demand fundamentals that
we should be aware of and just because
one thing or another occurs and we've
seen that before that doesn't
necessarily equate what we can expect
let me be clear about what I'm saying
here is that when we start to see demand
destruction take hold which I'm not
arguing against we can see absolutely
how they will fuel this inflationary
fire they will do this as fast as
humanly possible and they will drive the
prices of everything up if you think
it's bad today all of my history
indicates that they will do this to you
know 10 times 100 times worse than
anything we could ever experience
this
this is what we need to be aware of and
I'll tell you some more about that look
if you want like the stock information
if you want to know what you got to do
we'll talk about some of that in a
second
Seeking Alpha is an interesting thing to
check out I had this page over here you
can get a little bit more detail I will
link it at the top of the description so
just click there and you're going to
know more about how to invest in these
kind of things when these news articles
pop up it's like okay what stocks do I
invest in check out Seeking Alpha right
now uh the 50 discount ends at the end
of this month uh you know I try to get
the best deal I could for you so it's in
the description uh check it out now the
future what the future has in store is
not all positive and I want to make that
clear okay but we got to do what we can
city is upgrading some of its services
for institutional clients using
blockchain technology the banking giant
introduced City token services on Monday
which will tokenize clients deposit so
that they can be sent anywhere in the
world instantly if you're a large
multinational client where you have
multiple bank accounts in multiple
different regions across the borders and
you keep buffers in cash and needs
regions it's really inefficient use of
cash if it's 5 p.m in the US 5 a.m in
Singapore you need to get the money
there you can send it immediately within
seconds so initially when I heard about
this I said no that's that's not
possible it's not real it's like some
fake article that's from CNBC okay and
so that's what we're seeing right now
we're gonna see cbdc's we are going to
see these digital currencies take hold
and the use of cash will decline further
and further and further not just from
individuals not just from a younger
audience not just for those who love
World coin scanning their eyeballs it's
going to be from the businesses that say
it is too expensive it's there's so much
theft going on there's robberies crime
all these things we don't want to deal
with cash anymore we don't want it in
the entire we want to be cashless and I
understand why so be aware of that all
right uh mind-blowing video shows Elon
musk's humanoid robot doing yoga with
impressive balance and coordination I
saw this very interesting video of what
they did here you can look at the
fingers and the way that they're moving
it shows extreme dexterity that's the
way I see it yes it can find the blue
goes in the blue the green goes in the
green yeah but I'm just looking at the
dexterity of the robot itself and I was
extremely impressed you've seen the
Boston Dynamics ones and what they've
done they could jump they could flip all
that stuff yes but the dexterity how how
Nimble they are and this robot like
whenever they did that presentation not
that long ago it was like it couldn't do
anything but now already they they can
move so watch out robots taking over
cbdc's digital currencies coming in hot
and heavy you're looking at this iconic
British car firm will discontinue
production of all Diesel and petrol
Motors in the biggest change in history
when you know that like Rolls-Royce is
doing this you know that they're going
for whether or not you like it whether
you hate Whatever by 2030 Rolls Royce is
phasing these all out all the
manufacturers for the most part phasing
out this they're going to electric
vehicles take that as a note you see see
they're telling you the future right now
2030 electric vehicles what do electric
vehicles use a lot of right we need to
start oh so now what do I invest in okay
whether or not you like it I'm telling
you
Target closes nine stores in response to
retail theft adds locked cases in some
stores this is terrible to see what has
happened okay and so that's just one
thing but what can you do about this
we've got cbdc's we've got to increase
crime we've got all of these things that
I've just spoken about happening right
before our very eyes so take some action
I wanted to just give you a few things
invest in the companies that will
benefit from massive government spending
the infrastructure projects that are
taking uh hold right now are being
talked about that's one thing okay
infrastructure where are they spending
the billions and the trillions they're
going to do it who stands to gain all
right so we can look at you know
infrastructure directly you could see
the expansion of war and I'm not a fan
of that more the moral aspect of that I
I think it's uninvestable but some
people say no I'm not I don't have any
morals around what I'll invest in so if
you know that and of course they're
expanding worse you can get into that as
well as green energy so for green energy
if you consider nuclear to be green
which they're they're going to probably
label it as that uh that would be
uranium so uranium is is a good play in
that case if you believe that they're
going to put the billions and trillions
in there globally nuclear because they
need that shortfall to be uh you know
taken care of and energy right now
they're having problems look at all
these places oh we got brownouts we got
blackouts we don't have enough for the
grid how are they going to power all of
these electric vehicles how are they
going to charge them up the current grid
can't do that right now we're extracting
a resource from one place oil we turn it
into gasoline all that's done over here
and then we move it to the gas station
near you so that you can get your car
you can move that around when they have
to ship products for one place from
Mexico all the way to Canada how do they
do that okay they get the the diesel
they put it in okay and so on but now if
you're just every everything is on the
grid I charge my vehicle right here I
gotta use the you know the light
everything the energy all right here
locally that puts an additional strain
it would be impossible right now not not
a good sign not a good sign at all they
have to fix that okay so I hope that
that was helpful to you and give you
some of the signs I think it's important
for a lot of people to just get that in
their heads of the things that are
changing you could see the writing on
the wall it's very clear okay look at
this this is compass this is your first
step if you're like where do I begin
where do I start how do I do all these
things what about financial education
it's so complex I'm just gonna go to
YouTube no go to Compass it's completely
free totally free all you got to do is
go to themoneygps.com click on Compass
and you're brought to this and then you
just go one video at a time all the way
through and you will have more financial
education in 20 minutes than the average
person will get in their entire lifetime
it's a simple matter of fact go there
start there first the money
gps.com I want to see you there let me
know what you think comment of the day
uh really something interesting check
this out okay
here in Kenya we were shielded from the
previous Global recession because we are
mostly cash economy but this time around
our government has decided to increase
taxes on everything including fuel all
this clear public debt and yet they take
out loans to cover recurrent expenditure
they've taken away subsidies defunded
the loans of social welfare programs
they've borrowed so much in local banks
the president on campaign mode tours the
world and private jets spends its time
in the top SUVs so on and so forth thank
you very much for your comment this is
what I have to say look these people
right here they don't care they don't
care about you this is the way it goes
time and time again the government is
going to do whatever they think is right
and it will not benefit you but what I
say is take that information and see how
you can gain from it whether that's an
investor or you're going to position
yourself in a way that you're going to
Shield yourself as a result of the
actions that are being taken place today
we need to thrive we need to prosper and
I want to see you in that position I
don't want to see you suffering I want
to see you doing well if you agree with
me if you think that you want to see a
brighter future hit that Thumbs Up
Button okay you are one of those in this
community where we try to lift each
other up I want to thank you for that
and of course I'll see you tomorrow take
care